{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1043{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1043\cgrid \snext0 
Normal;}{\s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \fs28\lang1043\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\fs22\lang2057\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}
{\info{\author Martijn van der Kooij}{\operator Martijn van der Kooij}{\creatim\yr1998\mo5\dy10\hr23\min20}{\revtim\yr1998\mo7\dy18\hr11\min55}{\version11}{\edmins65}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords255}{\nofchars1454}{\*\company Stabiplan Informatietechniek}
{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}\margl1417\margr1417\margt1417\margb1417 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \fs28\lang1043\cgrid {\lang2057 mkregex.pas a translation of regexpr.c by M.C. van der Kooij
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1043\cgrid {\fs28\lang2057 
\par }{\fs22\lang2057 MkRegex.pas is the translation of a c library file, used by awk, python and more script based languages. I did this translation after searching a Regular Expression unit for Delphi and founding no freeware versions.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\fs22\lang2057\cgrid {History
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1043\cgrid {
\par 18 july 1998, bug fix: range was not properly calculated in the DoSearch routine
\par 
\par 16 July 1998, Added the MK_REPROC define possibility. See }{MK_REPROC }{for details
\par 
\par 16 june 1998, Arghhh, Forgot the increment in the while loop\'85.
\par 
\par 15 june 1998, Gouda, Netherlands
\par Version 1.0\tab bugs fixed: star_jump optimization works properly now; for loop changed in while loop
\par 
\par }{\fs22\lang2057 25 may 1998, Gouda, Netherlands
\par Version 0.95\tab third release. All none bugs fixed (I never listed the bugs so far)
\par From This release I will put bugs in a list.
\par 
\par 15 may 1998, Gouda, Netherlands
\par Version 0.91\tab Second test release, send to some DJJ members. Component version
\par Bug fixes, component creation, thread safety
\par 
\par 10 may 1998, Gouda, Netherlands
\par Version 0.9\tab First test release, send to some DJJ members
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\fs22\lang2057\cgrid {MK_REPROC}{
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1043\cgrid {\fs22\lang2057 
\par When }{MK_REPROC }{\fs22\lang2057 is defined, no TmkreExpr component is available, use instead of it those functions:
\par 
\par procedure Init_mkreExpr;\tab \tab to initialize regular expressions
\par procedure mkreDeInit_mkreExpr;\tab to deinitialize regular expressions
\par procedure mkreDoMatch(str: string);\tab after patter is set, fill GetMatches stringlist with matches on str
\par function mkreDoSearchWithRange(pos, range: integer): integer;
\par }\pard \fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 simple wrapper around re_search, set pattern before it
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 function mkreDoSearch(pos: integer): integer;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab also simple wrapper around re_search, set pattern before it
\par function mkreGetMatches: TStringList;\tab contains the matches after DoMatch
\par procedure mkreSetPattern(pat: string);\tab set the pattern
\par procedure mkreSetString(str: string);\tab set the string to match (for DoSearch(WithRange) and the two
\par }\pard \fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 re_ functions)
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 procedure mkreSetSyntaxStyles(NewStyles: TmkreSyntaxStyles);
\par }\pard \fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 change styles, see TmkreExpr for default, and posible style
\par settings
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 procedure mkreSetUseFastmap(fstm: boolean);
\par }\pard \fi720\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 default is true, let it that way for best performance
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 To use those functions pattern and string must be set before, those are the lowest search and match routines available:
\par function re_match(pos: integer; old_regs: Pre_registers): integer;
\par function re_search(pos, range: integer; regs: Pre_registers): integer;
\par Look for an example of }{MK_REPROC }{\fs22\lang2057 in the Pconsole.dpr
\par 
\par Of course, you can set }{MK_REPROC }{\fs22\lang2057 in not console applications, but be aware that it is not thread safe.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\fs22\lang2057\cgrid {Package
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1043\cgrid {\fs22\lang2057 MkRegex.pas\tab \tab the regex component
\par Help directory\tab \tab The help file for the component. (Created with Class Explorer)
\par Help source directory\tab contains the Class Explorer files to create help file for component
\par Test Applications\tab 3 programs for testing purpose
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\fs22\lang2057\cgrid {Why free
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1043\cgrid {\fs22\lang2057 
\par I do not want to ask money for it. 1) No one can force me to maintain this unit for several years. (Just in case) 2) I did only translate it and create a small wrapper around it.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\fs22\lang2057\cgrid {Future
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1043\cgrid {\fs22\lang2057 
\par Fixing all bugs, if there are any left.
\par Translate some other libs from c to Pascal. I\rquote m thinking about a translation of PCRE. It\rquote s used by Python for new Regular Expressions that are Perl 5 compatible.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\fs22\lang2057\cgrid {Known Bugs
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1043\cgrid {\fs22\lang2057 
\par None at the moment, please report them with the RE and the string on which it occures.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\keepn\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \b\fs22\lang2057\cgrid {Information
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\lang1043\cgrid {\fs22\lang2057 
\par If you want the original c file, let me know.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs22\lang2057 Bugs reports, wishes, payments }{\b\fs22\lang2057 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 74 \\f "Wingdings" \\s 11}{\fldrslt\f14\fs22}}}{\b\fs22\lang2057 
\par }{\fs22\lang2057 
\par MLWKooij@hetnet.nl
\par }\pard \li2160\widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\adjustright {\fs22\lang2057 
\par }}